[All hosts](SSO) Refresh app registration steps (#3678)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/includes/register-sso-add-in-aad-v2-include.md

## Register the add-in with Microsoft identity platform

You need to create an app registration in Azure that represents your web server. This enables authentication support so that proper access tokens can be issued to the client code in JavaScript. This registration supports both SSO in the client, and fallback authentication using the Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL).

1. Sign in to the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/) with the ***admin*** credentials to your Microsoft 365 tenancy. For example, **MyName@contoso.onmicrosoft.com**.

> 1. Select the **App registrations** icon. If you don't see the icon, search for "app registration" in the search bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **App registrations**. If you don't see the icon, search for "app registration" in the search bar.
```
Per MSFT style, refer to UI elements by their label and not the element. Unless it's totally confusing not to do so.
https://styleguides.azurewebsites.net/Styleguide/Read?id=2700&topicid=33421

>     :::image type="content" source="../images/azure-portal-select-app-registration.png" alt-text="The Azure portal home page.":::

Reviewer: ![azure-portal-add-application](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30682803/194391739-d243753b-fd8b-4e64-be5a-4c2f949ed247.png)
I cut out the extra white space. Please use this version instead! There's a couple other "spacey" images, but this one was the most egregious.

    The **App registrations** page appears.

> 1. Select the **New registration** icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **New registration**.
```

## Expose a web API

1. Select **Expose an API**.

    The **Expose an API** pane appears.

    :::image type="content" source="../images/azure-portal-expose-an-api.png" alt-text="An app registration's Expose an API pane.":::

1. Select **Set** to generate an application ID URI.

    :::image type="content" source="../images/azure-portal-set-api-uri.png" alt-text="Set button in the app registration's Expose an API pane.":::

    The section for setting the application ID URI appears with a generated Application ID URI in the form `api://<app-id>`.

1. Update the application ID URI to `api://localhost:44355/<app-id>`.

    :::image type="content" source="../images/azure-portal-app-id-uri-details.png" alt-text="Edit the App ID URI pane with localhost port set to 44355.":::

    * The **Application ID URI** is pre-filled with app ID (GUID) in the format `api://<app-id>`.
    * The application ID URI format should be: `api://<fully-qualified-domain-name>/<app-id>`
    * Insert the `fully-qualified-domain-name` between `api://` and `<app-id>` (which is a GUID). For example, `api://contoso.com/<app-id>`.

>     * If you are using localhost, then the format should be `api://localhost:<port>/<app-id>`. For example, `api://localhost:44355/c6c1f32b-5e55-4997-881a-753cc1d563b7`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If you're using localhost, then the format should be `api://localhost:<port>/<app-id>`. For example, `api://localhost:44355/c6c1f32b-5e55-4997-881a-753cc1d563b7`.
```

    For additional application ID URI details, see [Application manifest identifierUris attribute](/azure/active-directory/develop/reference-app-manifest.md#identifieruris-attribute).

    > [!NOTE]
    > If you get an error saying that the domain is already owned but you own it, follow the procedure at [Quickstart: Add a custom domain name to Azure Active Directory](/azure/active-directory/add-custom-domain) to register it, and then repeat this step. (This error can also occur if you are not signed in with credentials of an admin in the Microsoft 365 tenancy. See step 2. Sign out and sign in again with admin credentials and repeat the process from step 3.)

## Add a scope

1. Select the **Add a scope** button.

    :::image type="content" source="../images/azure-portal-add-a-scope.png" alt-text="Select Add a scope button.":::

    The **Add a scope** pane opens.

> 1. Specify the scope's attributes in the **Add a scope** pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Add a scope** pane, specify the scope's attributes .
```

    :::image type="content" source="../images/azure-portal-add-a-scope-details.png" alt-text="Add a scope pane with example values.":::

    | Field | Description | Values |
    |-------|-------------|---------|
    | **Scope name** | The name of your scope. A common scope naming convention is `resource.operation.constraint`. | For SSO this must be set to `access_as_user`. |

>     | **Who can consent** | Whether this scope can be consented to by users or if admin consent is required. Select **Admins only** for higher-privileged permissions. | For learning SSO and samples, we recommend you set this to **Admins and users**. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | **Who can consent** |  Determines if admin consent is required or if users can consent without an admin approval. | For learning SSO and samples, we recommend you set this to **Admins and users**. <br><br>Select **Admins only** for higher-privileged permissions.|
```

    | **Admin consent display name** | A short description of the scope's purpose that only admins will see. | `Read-only access to user files and profiles.` |

>     | **Admin consent description** | A more detailed description of the permission granted by the scope that only admins will see. | `Allow Office to have read-only access to all user files and profiles. Office can call the app's web APIs as the current user.` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | **Admin consent description** | A more detailed description of the permission granted by the scope that only admins see. | `Allow Office to have read-only access to all user files and profiles. Office can call the app's web APIs as the current user.` |
```

    > - `93d53678-613d-4013-afc1-62e9e444a0a5` (Office on the web)
    > - `bc59ab01-8403-45c6-8796-ac3ef710b3e3` (Outlook on the web)

1. Select the checkbox for `api://localhost:44355/<app-id>/access_as_user` in **Authorized scopes**.

1. Select **Add application**.

>     :::image type="content" source="../images/azure-portal-add-application.png" alt-text="The Add a client application pane.":::

Reviewer: ![azure-portal-add-application](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30682803/194392185-3dc2cd5e-f271-420f-a517-2dde30868488.png)

I cut out the extra white space. Please use this version instead!

Author: Done.

    The **API permissions** pane opens.

1. Select **Add a permission**.

    :::image type="content" source="../images/azure-portal-add-a-permission.png" alt-text="Adding a permission on the API permissions pane.":::

    The **Request API permissions** pane opens.

1. Select **Microsoft Graph**.

    :::image type="content" source="../images/azure-portal-request-api-permissions-graph.png" alt-text="The Request API permissions pane with Microsoft Graph button.":::

1. Select **Delegated permissions**.

    :::image type="content" source="../images/azure-portal-request-api-permissions-delegated.png" alt-text="The Request API permissions pane with delegated permissions button.":::

1. Use the **Select permissions** search box to search for the permissions your add-in needs. The following are typical values used in the samples.

    * Files.Read
    * openid
    * profile

    > [!NOTE]
    > The `User.Read` permission may already be listed by default. It's a good practice to only request permissions that are needed, so we recommend that you uncheck the box for this permission if your add-in does not actually need it.

> 1. Select the checkbox for each permission as it appears (note that the permissions will not remain visible in the list as you select each one). After selecting the permissions that your add-in needs, select the **Add permissions** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the checkbox for each permission as it appears. Note that the permissions will not remain visible in the list as you select each one. After selecting the permissions that your add-in needs, select the **Add permissions** button.
```

    :::image type="content" source="../images/azure-portal-request-api-permissions-add-permissions.png" alt-text="The Request API permissions pane with some permissions selected.":::

## Configure access token version

You must define the access token version that is acceptable for your app. This configuration is made in the Azure Active Directory application manifest.

> ### To define the access token version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Define the access token version
```

> the access token version can change if you chose an account type other than **Accounts in any organizational directory (Any Azure AD directory - Multitenant) and personal Microsoft accounts (e.g. Skype, Xbox)**. Use the following steps to ensure the access token version is correct for Office SSO usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The access token version can change if you chose an account type other than **Accounts in any organizational directory (Any Azure AD directory - Multitenant) and personal Microsoft accounts (e.g. Skype, Xbox)**. Use the following steps to ensure the access token version is correct for Office SSO usage.
```
